Well, first and foremost, I want to say if it deals with safety, then
breaking with the rules, it is never okay. But there are many situations
that, um aside from safety, that you can kind of squeeze under
the rug. If there's a person, that's, let's say, um Miss three, 33 three
get togethers, three musters. And then, um he misses one more,
and that that fourth one is gonna be the one that, you know, loses makes
him lose his rank. You don't wanna have something so strict on
him just yet. You want to understand the real reason if he's missing
the fourth one? Obviously, you had a conversation, but maybe you haven't
had a personal conversation yet. You have a chief or leader. You
have to make that determination. You know, like, before I make some
very drastic move on something really, really small. Uh, let's get
a little bit more information about it. And, um, if the final explanation
was good, like, oh, you know what? My car broke down. That's
a good one. Um, the Navy has really strict policies like Well, you
know, it's the fourth one. So regardless, no matter what? Then? You
know you lose your rank. But as a chief, I can say you know what? Like
I can understand that. You know what? Um, we're going to forget this
one. I'm going to say you came in and we need to get your car fixed,
you know, because the solution isn't actually correcting the problem.
Um, the first three times, maybe he was just coming in just because
he's lazy. But we already had that conversation. We already sat
down and said, You know what? You're not gonna be lazy anymore. If
you do it again, then you know, like the result is gonna come. But
when it when it violates the prior agreement, you as the chief can
actually, um, use your power to, like, kind of over over overlay those
rules and, you know, do the right thing instead of the by the book
thing.